Hey,
guys,
welcome back.
So in this video,
we're going to high the more complex example using to do loop.
And we're going to solve this problem here using it due until and it do while as well.
So as you can see here,
I've got a list of the highest grossing movies,
the movies with the heist earnings in 2016 and basically what I want to do using a Do Loop
is to either write the word millionaire or billionaire in column de,
depending on the movies,
earnings.
So if the movie's earnings are greater than or equal to one billion adroit the word
billionaire and they're less than one billion than on the word millionaire.
And I want to do that using a do loop.
So basically,
here on this macro,
the first step is that I'm gonna activate the movie sheet to make sure I work on the
correct sheet,
and then I'm going to select Cell D two and then I'm gonna do until the value of the active
cell toe offset zero.
Common negative one is equal to blank,
and that is the value of the cell.
The is on the left hand side of column D.
So basically the value of the selling column c on the same row here.
So I'm gonna loop until there is nothing in the cells.
So basically,
I'm going to keep on looping as long as I've got some earnings in column C And when I don't
have any earnings when a cell is blank,
then I'm going to stop the loop.
OK,
so this is the condition for stopping the loop on.
Basically,
there's an if statement here that says,
If the value of the sign column C just one cell to the left of the cell in column Dida I'm
sitting on is greater than or equal to one billion.
Then I'm going to set the cell in column D to be equal to billionaire Els.
I'm gonna put the word millionaire and then inside the lupas Well,
I'm gonna move one cell down to do the test again.
So I'm gonna move one cell down and then loop again and start doing the test again and put
either billionaire Oh,
millionaire,
Move on,
cell down.
Do the test again until the value off the Sun column C is equal to a blank.
That's when the loop stops.
So I'm gonna go through the loop step by step here.
So as you can see here,
I've selected cell D two.
I'm gonna do my testing.
I put billionaire on there and I'm gonna loop again.
Here,
do it again until I basically finish the loop.
OK,
so So the Lupus finished because it tested the cell in column See here sells C 12 and it
found it blank.
So this is why the loop has finished.
So we've done it this way,
using to do until we could do it,
using the do while a swell.
But I need to change the condition here so that the value of the cell does not equal to
Blank.
OK,
so I'm gonna loop as long as the value of the Sun column C is not equal to blank.
So if I just delete these cells again here and I run the macro step by step as well.
And you can see here that I'm filling the cell here using to do while instead of a do until
and now when it actually tests the condition again.
And it found that this cell is blank.
So this condition is false.
Okay,
so it actually exited the loop as you can see her,
and we've ended the macro.
So this is an example here that we've managed to do using to do until and the do while as
well.
So that's it,
guys,
for this example.
Thank you very much.
Watching this video I'll see on the next one.